All right, so in this video, we're going to start to work on the sign up functionality.
Now the issue about center functionality is that it kind of relates to a lot of different components
in the app.
So what I would like to do first, I would like to list out the pieces of functionality that we're going
to need to work on.
And then we're going to start to tackle them one by one in the next few videos.
So I'm here in my document.
Let's go ahead and create a section called signup requirements.
So what do we need to do to, you know, have a functional sign up in our application?
First of all, when the user introduces the username, email and password authentication, Firebase
authentication basically makes sure that the email and password are according to some standard, but
it doesn't take into account anything about the user name.
So what?
The first thing we need to do is we need to check that the username is unique.
OK, so we need to check that the username is unique and only then we can start to create our user.
So once we have that, let's go ahead and create a user.
And here we need to be mindful about the Firebase authentication verification, so the email is correctly
formatted.
The password is at least six characters long and so on.
So here, subject to Firebase Auth verification.
OK, so once we create a user in Firebase Auth, then we need to store a user profile in our fighter
story.
OK, so that we can have access to a lot more data about our users.
So create a profile in Firestorm.
Once we have that, we want to retrieve all the information that was stored, even though we have just
created it and we have that information.
We need kind of a central function for retrieval that we can call from multiple locations in our application.
OK, so here we want to retrieve user data and store it.
Store it in the view model.
So that we have access to it in our application.
Next up, we want to have sort of an in progress.
Flag and display a spinner.
While the operation is ongoing, OK, so we want to set this flag when we start the operation and ended
when the operation is completed and we want to display a spinner while this flag is on going.
Next up, we want to handle any error.
Messages that might occur.
OK.
Handle any error messages.
Also, we want on app startup, we want to check whether the user is signed in or not and proceed to
the next screen.
So on up startup check if user is logged in.
And then if the user is logged in.
Move to main app screen.
OK, so kind of I think these are all the requirements for now, obviously, we will need a bit more
for logging and the other screens that we're going to implement.
But for now, for sign up, I think this should be enough and that should cover us for a lot of functionality.
OK.
So with that, we're going to end this video here and in the next one, we're going to start to actually
implement the code for these requirements.